fix: Several issues on docs (#74)
reown-com/reown-docs: docs/appkit/react/ethers/about/implementation.mdx

  icons: ['https://avatars.mywebsite.com/']
}

// 4. Create a AppKit instance
createAppKit({
  adapters: [new ethersAdapter()],
  networks,
  metadata,
  projectId,
  features: {
    analytics: true // Optional - defaults to your Cloud configuration
  }
})

export default function App() {

>   return <YourApp /> // Configured the <w3m-button> or similar inside

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return <YourApp /> // Configure the <w3m-button> or a similar button inside
```

Grammar fix
